Okay,
guys.
And welcome back memorizing dates with the major system now.
Usually you don't have to memorize birthdays and anniversaries on the spot,
so this is a really useful tool for that.
Let's take a look.
Okay,
so here we are,
back in the major system database.
So let's have a play around this numerical sequence for words at my best friend from
childhood,
in fact,
that some let's yeah,
let's let's have a go with the numbers My best friend from your childhood,
Lloyd.
His birthday's on 27th of January.
So I put in a one.
Which words would we get using the major system where we can see here that we've got a boat
load to choose from?
Ideally,
what I'm looking for is a name.
They go Shar day,
a very famous British blue singer.
Shar day I love so I could use Shar day for all of my January birthdays and anniversaries,
and he was on the 27th so one else if we got on here.
Nike.
Now,
my friend Lloyd is a really keen runner.
So if I have my friend Lloyd and I have Shar Day,
a Nike in the scene I will never forget the His birthday is on January chard.
A Nike the 27th.
So let's have a look Who else could get?
Let's set me mom.
My mom was born on the 22nd off December So December.
What can we get for December?
We have Donna.
I don't know anybody named Donna.
We have tiny we have tiny on my mom's Only little s o Let's set.
Let's stick with Tiny for December.
This is just for my mom to say There are lots of names in here,
So if you can pick a name that's insulin instantly memorable for you,
that would be a perfect key to a month.
So 22nd what do we have?
Uh nah,
me time.
Minnelli on my nanny was indeed nanny to where?
To my nieces and nephew.
So Tiny Nanny gives me December 22nd and that's my mom's birthday.
In a few hours of playing with this,
you could memorize the birthdays and anniversaries of all of your friends and family.
Just get a list and away you go and you will never forget one again.
So next will take a look at the other super powerful system for memorizing numbers.
The Dominic system.
I'll see you in the next lecture